c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\SistemaVentas.dll.config
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\SistemaVentas.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\SistemaVentas.pdb
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\obj\Debug\SistemaVentas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\obj\Debug\SistemaVentas.dll
c:\users\administrador\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\obj\Debug\SistemaVentas.pdb
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\SistemaVentas.dll.config
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\SistemaVentas.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\SistemaVentas.pdb
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\obj\Debug\SistemaVentas.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Desktop\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\obj\Debug\SistemaVentas.pdb
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\SistemaVentas.dll.config
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\SistemaVentas.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\SistemaVentas.pdb
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\bin\es\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\obj\Debug\SistemaVentas.dll
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\obj\Debug\SistemaVentas.pdb
C:\Users\Yovanny\Documents\GitHub\ProyectoFinal\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\SistemaVentas\obj\Debug\SistemaVentas.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
